test(tests/e2e): move client commands tests to a new suite (#87)
thycotic/dsv-cli: docs/developer/testing-end-to-end.md

### Grant Permissions

This E2E testing suite covers most of the commands and actions available in the CLI.

> Therefore it is more convinient to add the newly created user to the list of admins of the tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is more convenient to add the newly created user to the list of admins of the tenant.
```

Please do not use production tenants for testing purposes since it can mess with your data.

If there is something that must be protected, create a policy that will guard that resource.
For example:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

Use shell instead of bash.
